# Sniffer
## The Experiment Purpose 
This experiment realizes a small network packet catcher by studying the use of library functions commonly used in Winpcap, and presents the current network operation status by analyzing the original packet.
## The Experiment Design
In the design process, the system is divided into three levels according to the MVC design pattern. The first layer is the Control layer, namely the Control layer. To simplify the design, the Control layer is divided into two parts, one for network message input and the other for user input. The second layer is the Model layer; The third layer is the View layer, which is the display layer. The overall operation process of the system is as follows: get data from the Control layer, submit it to the Model layer for processing, and submit the processed results to the View layer for display. The Control layer is mainly used to capture network packets and obtain user input. Model layer is mainly used to analyze data packets and process user input. The View layer is mainly used to display the processed results.


Motivation Letter
To Whom It May Concern:
I am a student from University of Electronic Science and Technology of China(UESTC), whose information technology is renowned worldwide. My major is Software Engineering(Elite Program) with GPA 3.81/4. I am very interested in cybersecurity and hope my postgraduate study can facilitate my knowledge and technique in this field. And I choose intended university and program mainly based on this aim.

I favour Polimi and apply for the computer science and engineering postgraduate program(T2A cybersecurity) for three main reasons. First, Polimi has the first-class NECSTLab. My initial impression of Polimi came from Black Hat USA 2017, in which researchers from the NECSTLab unveiled an outstanding solution called ShieldFS to combat ransomware attacks. This promoted me to know that NECSTLab possesses strong strength in cybersecurity and Polimi also distinguishes itself in computer science. Also, I admire the spirit of NECSTLab for the willingness to involve students in research activities. I really hope I could participate certain research programs in NECSTLab. Second, Polimi has the exceptional CTF team Hanoiati. Hanoiati usually meet weekly in the NECSTLab to review the past CTF challenges or discuss interesting information security topics. Their discussion will inspire me a lot I could join in.
 Third(ly), the study plan of T2A(computer science and engineering) meet my needs for future career. Besides cybersecurity, I am also interest in AI(AI also attract me). Thanks to the freedom given by T2A, I could choose some course(s) about AI and pursue that interest(去掉). Also, after checking the curriculum of T2A cybersecurity specialization, I believe it could help me build a more advanced knowledge system about cybersecurity.
Thanks to the free studying resources provided by T2A,I could choose some courses to learn about AI and build a more advanced knowledge system about cybersecurity. 
1)参考厦大计算机，第一段介绍太长
2)？怎么改
I think I am qualified for admission based on the following thoughts. First, I have a solid foundation of computer science and a good knowledge of cybersecurity. I continuously learnt penetration testing for more than 3 years. Now I can perform basic penetration test independently and crack some common practicing platforms like DVWA, SQLi, Vulnhub etc. In 2018.9, I participated in the CNSS CTF and rank 9/302. This competition experience benefited me a lot. On one side, I mastered some advanced tricks about vulnerabilities exploiting like how to deal with the db_owner privilege when performing SQL injection on MSSQL SERVER. On the other side
比赛经历
Third, I have a specific research interest and some knowledge about artificial intelligence. 
A lecture about AI&cybersecurity I attended during the summer workshop held by National helped me to realize that the great development of AI will certainly change the way we treat security issues. Therefore, I decide to do some research on this cross field. After learnt some knowledge about AI during the summer workshop, I took part in a Kaggle competition with some friends. Being in charge of the team, I wrote the baseline and found out some useful tricks, like filling the missing values according to the normal distribution of their means. Finally we score top 3% in the leaderboard. Next, I tried to apply AI techniques to some security issues. Started with a simple issue, I first built a model to detect malicious websites using 1D-CNN. I came across some problems in data cleaning and model selecting at first. However, under the help of the paper Hidden Technical Debt in Machine Learning Systems, the model worked quiet well finally with high precision(0.97) value and recall value(0.99). Further, I tried to challenge something more complicated. In my second project, I built a model for intrusion detection using KDD99 dataset. I came up with the idea after reading a blog, in which the author built a unsatisfactory model using KNN. I, therefore, decided to build a better one. As one of the biggest challenge is data cleaning, I researched the mechanism and characteristics of malicious requests and read the book Feature Engineering for Machine Learning for extracting useful features effectively. Afterwards, I built two models using Random Forest & XGBoost and then stacked them. The final model revealed an increased accuracy from 0.89 to 0.976 compared with that blog. 
交换经历

Forth, I have related research experience and some additional knowledge of mathematics. I attended the Network and Data Security Lab of UESCT in 2019.9. From 2019.9~2019.12, my work mainly concerning deep learning. I wrote a GAN framework for our team’s further research and implemented the function of image deblurring and image inpainting based on the framework. From 2019.12~2020.8, I conducted some research in cybersecurity with another postgraduate student. We proposed a puncturable identity based proxy re-encryption scheme to solve the private key disclosure problem in CDN system. I devised the encryption scheme, conducted the experiment to evaluate scheme’s efficiency, wrote the Related work, Preliminaries, Experiment and Evaluation parts independently. This experience help me to get familiar with the main procedures of research and cultivated my team spirit, I believe I can participate in other research projects smoothly and act as a positive role. In addition, I learnt number theory, modern algebra and cryptography as a preparatory knowledge for our research.
学术经历

Last, I have a relatively good programming skill. Besides the aforementioned projects, I also wrote a Sniffer using C++ independently and a flower identification system with another two students. All these projects helped me improve my programming skill gradually and master the techniques to lead a team and cooperate with others.
不必单独写，与firstly结合进行一个总结

I hope after two years study(two-year study) in Polimi, I could have a deeper insight about(into,about语法错)cybersecurity, strong(strengthening) software development skills and (obtaining)some research achievements to enable myself to be an excellent candidate in further PhD application. Endowed with natural diligence as well as great enthusiasm for cybersecurity & computer science, I am certain that my potential study in Polimi will not be disappointing for both sides. 
I would have a deeper insight into cybersecurity and strengthen my software development(?) skills,obtaining some academic research achievements essential for future PhD application.


